♪ It seems today
That all you see ♪
♪ Is violence in movies
And sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
Good old-fashioned values ♪
♪ On which we used to rely? ♪
♪ Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
Positively can do ♪
♪ All the things
That make us ♪
♪ Laugh and cry ♪
♪ He's a family guy! ♪
Okay. now remember. Lois.
the school likes to blame
the kids' bad grades
on trouble at home.
So when we get in the
parent teacher conference.
it can't seem like there's any
cracks in our marriage.
Peter. this isn't
a parent teacher conference.
- it's a fundraiser--
- Here we go again!
Let me punch
your shrew card. Lois.
Because the tenth nag is free!
"Welcome to an hour
of squeaks and echoes in the gym."
Gym. gym. gym.
Huh. I guess they're selling
all the music department
instruments to raise money.
Typical.
They always cut
the arts programs but never any sports.
Actually. they canceled
field hockey.
See? They're selling
the old uniforms.
And what vintage is this one?
A 2022 Junior Varsity. sir.
Mm. Excellent year.
Sir. I'm gonna have my team
cut it up and turn it into dinner napkins.
Oh. Giuseppe.
you are a wizard.
Hello! I'm Mr. Campanale.
the music teacher.
Welcome to my "going-out
of-business" woodwind sale.
Everything must blow!
Uh-ha. yes.
that's very good.
Uh. tell me.
does your saxophone come with
the George Michael classic
"Careless Whisper" on it?
With enough practice. this saxophone
will play anything you like.
Sweet! I'll take it.
Great!
How will you be paying today?
Are you sure
you should spend that?
Oh yeah. there's still plenty in there
for Meg to pay for online college.
Have you ever dreamed
of learning calculus
on a crowded
rush hour subway...
Or pushing that thing IVs hang
from around the hospital...
Want to hug an old man
at an ethnic family picnic?
Whatever the dream...
As long as it's not
going to real college...
Online college
is here for you.
Online college!
If you had another choice.
you'd make it.
All right. everybody shut up.
The masked singer
is about to reveal who the big
Gatorade-Bottle-Of-Pee is!
They're really scraping
the bottom of the barrel for new costumes.
And your masked singer is...
Wait. who'd they say?
It's another D-Lister
nobody can recognize my face alone.
Damn it. Peter! Do you know
how many hours of Ken Jeong
and his tiny jackets
I tolerated for that moment?
Sorry. In the future. I'll try not to
be so...  ...careless.
God.
he never thinks about others.
Remember when he totally
ruined our family
Thanksgiving football game?
Okay. we gotta go
all tush-pushes.
Hot niece I'm not related to by blood.
you're the center.
The rest of you. shove me
into her as hard as you can.
So.
I put the bottle down.
But even though her family
forgave me.
I'll never forgive myself.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bravo!
I knew these AA stories
would be the perfect set-up
for the guilty pain
of "Careless Whisper".
Okay. let's take it
from the top
with the guy
who can only have
supervised Panera visits
with his kid.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Now. this screen
is gonna ask you a couple of questions.
You want a tip?
Add 35%?
You have to pick it
'cause it's the button in the middle.
What the hell. Peter?
This is the fifth night in a row
you woke me up with that damn song.
Your house
is where the streetlight is.
It's not my fault.
Yeah. well. thanks a lot.
I was only having
the best dream ever.
Oh yeah? One of them
that ends wet?
No. Get this. I'm returning
the lawn mower to Home Depot.
The workers were wearing blue
but I still knew it was
a Home Depot.
dreams are weird like that.
Anyway. they offer me cash
instead of store credit.
So I ask. "Are you sure? It's covered
in grass. and I don't have a receipt."
And then you know
what Bud said--
That was the guy's name. Bud.
which is also
my Dad's name so.
Sir Carl Jung would have a field...
...field day with that one.
Anyway. you know what he said?
- No.
- Me neither!
Now go play inside
so I can get back to sleep
and see how this roller coaster ends.
And before you go to bed. this screen
is gonna ask you a couple of questions.
Good game. Good game.
Good game.
Hey. nice assist back there.
Good game. Good game.
Hey. Quagmire.
you got a minute?
Sure. let me just violently
wave my door a couple of times...
Come on in.
What am I gonna do. Quagmire?
Peter's driving me nuts
with that saxophone.
Joseph. I realized
a long time ago.
you can't fight
Peter's antics.
The harder you resist
the shenanigans.
the shenannier they become.
So what I did was put together
the Peter Griffin
Survival Kit.
It's everything you need
to make being his neighbor tolerable.
I've got a variety of these
different sized plugs--
To put in your ears
when he's loud?
Yeah or. you know.
anywhere they fit.
And this tracks
Peter's heart rate.
so I can avoid him
when he's overstimulated.
That spike is when he found
a frog the other day.
Do you have anything
to help me sleep?
That doesn't involve putting
your orifice plug in my ear. ideally.
As a matter of fact. I do.
These are powerful.
unregulated sleeping pills.
I got them in the Navy.
They give these to all the guys
who commit atrocious massacres
and then have
trouble sleeping.
A caterpillar in March?
I'm coming!
Angrily tying a bathrobe...
'cause I got woken up...
Thanks again for those
sleepy pills. Mr. Q.
Front row tickets
to the blanket show. baby.
"Mr. Q?" What are you--
Oh my God!
Joe. you're walking!
Walk it like I talk it
and talk it like I walk it.
Wait. are you.
You're asleep!
How is this possible?
Well. I could tell you.
but who needs a long. boring story.
You're walking and self-aware?
It's a miracle!
What happened?
What happened is you walked!
Oh my God. you're right!
I beat my record.
All right. what do we got.
four middle-aged guys
at the same appointment?
I don't need to know
how it got up there.
Just tell me who I'm
taking it out of.
No. no! Doc. it's Joe!
He took a super strong
sleeping pill last night and sleepwalked!
Well. people do display
odd behavior under the influence of drugs
like Ambien.
Let me get somebody better suited to help.
I got a code
TB12 in room three.
Hi. I'm pseudo-science expert
and Tom Brady face-thinner-outer
Doctor Alex Guerrero.
Now. how can I
help you gentlemen?
I've been in a chair
for years.
but I took one
of these last night and started walking.
Interesting.
Well. there must be a
neurological explanation.
So to get to the bottom of it.
we'll have to use...
- An MRI?
- ...our imaginations!
I think these pills put you
in such a deep state of sleep.
the damaged part of your
spinal cord went offline.
Then to compensate.
an undamaged neural pathway
activated allowing you to walk.
So as long as
Joe takes those pills.
he can walk again. right?
Yes. and no.
His legs might work.
but in that state.
he'll have no access
to his waking memory
or the personality he's developed
over the course of his life.
So technically.
it won't really be Joe who's walking.
Well. now that you mention it.
he was acting strange.
He was super laid back
and kind of cool!
Well. during sleep.
we're not preoccupied with the stress
of our day to day lives.
So for him to be very relaxed
makes a lot of sense.
Yeah. but does it though?
If you want my opinion--
and I cannot stress enough
how uninformed it is--
Joe should stay away from these pills.
There's no telling what sort of
negative side effects they might have.
Well. guess
it's back to my chair.
Thanks for seeing me.
My pleasure.
Oh. you can make the co-pay out
to "Guerrero
Shipping Solutions. LLC."
and if anyone asks. this all took place
in the state of Delaware.
Coming up this month
on Turner Classic Movies.
Get a hold of yourself!
Turner Classic Movies.
if a woman gets slapped in
black and white. we've got it.
So. I was choring it up
last Friday.
buying new batteries
for the smoke detector--
Ho-- Hold on. Joe.
This anecdote sounds like
it's turning into a story.
Oh. it's a story alright.
- Quagmire. story clock.
- On it.
Okay. you got 60 seconds. Joe.
Come on. is that thing
really necessary?
You're using
your time. Joe.
Okay. Okay. Where was I...
batteries
for the smoke detector.
So I get to the store
and I'm like. "Shoot.
There's A batteries.
C batteries. and D batteries."
And that got me to thinking
where the heck are the B batteries?
Did they really skip B?
I don't buy it. so I start digging.
- Time!
- Oh. that's not fair.
Joe. if you talk any more.
you're gonna put us all to sleep.
Wish Joe was asleep.
He was way more interesting.
Yeah. Joe. why don't you take
another one of them sleeping pills?
Maybe you'll sleepwalk again.
What the hell.
I guess one more time
won't hurt.
Uh-uh. hell no!
This ain't part of God's plan.
Holy crap. that's amazing!
That was my credit he played.
and I'm not a huge
Bob Marley guy.
but otherwise. holy crap.
that's amazing!
So I'm thinking I'll have.
a summer solstice party.
Send the old' girl in the sky
a big 'preesh for the vitamin D.
You guys should check it out.
And if you have any trouble
getting in.
just tell 'em you're with...
Joey Goodtimes.
- Can I bring a date?
- No.
Bring two.
Man. sleepwalking Joe
is awesome.
That was my beer for which
I've been waiting quite some time.
But otherwise.
sleepwalking Joe is awesome!
Hey. some party. Joe!
It's "Joey."
Who's up for some food?
Great. Nothing like
the Joe Swanson special.
a supermarket vegetable
platter warmed by the sun.
Here we are. gents.
Bowl of Ruffles. two liter bottle of Coke.
Pizza's on the way.
- Wow!
- No way!
Donna says Cola
makes me jumpy.
Did y'all meet Bon-fire?
I call her that 'cause she's smoking hot.
Peter. give me a nickname
that tells people I'm hot.
I think everyone here has met.
Dumpster-fire?
- Peter!
- It's 'cause of the hair!
Jam band's starting. Bon-fire.
Let's go dance
like it's our first day in a human body.
What the hell. Peter?
Joe's unconscious. and he and Bonnie
have a better sex life than we do.
Lois. we've been over this.
Once one of us agrees
to shave it.
we're back in business.
Man. I had the best time
at Joe's yesterday.
You said it! Me and Donna
ate some goofy mushrooms and then cried
watching the sunrise.
And good crying.
not the-bank's-coming
for-your-house crying.
- Hey. there he is!
- The King!
We are very behind
on our payments though.
What are you guys
talking about?
It's just me. Joe.
We know! You sleepwalked again
and threw the most epic party
of all time!
Yeah. why didn't you tell me
a "free love tent" is just an orgy.
minus condoms. plus B-O?
Oh man.
I had that at my party?
I hope Bonnie didn't see.
She'd kill me.
Uh. Joe.
Bonnie was in the tent.
But don't worry. she didn't do
anything with anybody but you.
Even under-the-pants stuff?
Well. I am done
with those pills.
Next time I get UTP action.
I wanna be there.
That's too bad 'cause
Joey Goodtimes is the man.
He's so popular.
he already has his own Cameo account.
Hey there "Peter Griffin"!
Heard somebody's a little nervous about
changing his clothes at Planet Fitness.
Well. let me tell you there's no shame
in your game. no matter how much...
it turtles
in front of a crowd.
Are you coming back
to bed. Joey?
Yeah. just firing off some inspo to
a fat idiot with big balls. baby carrot.
It's like monster truck wheels
on a Miata.
You're. uh. still learning
how to end the record.
Hey. Bon. sorry I missed
the big party yesterday but I was thinking
we could recreate that magic
with some Bosch and chill.
Um. no. thanks.
You sure?
Doesn't have to be Bosch.
Could be any one of those
last name crime shows and chill.
Bul? Luther? Longmire?
Reacher? Will Trent?
Which. I know.
it's a first-name last-name crime show.
But what the hell.
it's almost Friday.
Just wake me up if you decide
to fall asleep again.
Bon-fire needs
another log.
Actually.
with the drought we've had.
we probably shouldn't be
starting any more fires--
Bon?
When did we get
so boring. Joe?
Speak for yourself.
Joey Goodtimes
and boring go together
like peanut butter and jelly.
I know you guys like that.
but in the imaginary mirror
universe. it's a gross combo.
So tell me. when was the last time
your friends were excited to see you?
When was the last time Bonnie
wanted you to come to bed?
You're right.
Bonnie and the guys deserve better.
I have to go.
Got a ketchup and tuna sandwich over here
that ain't gonna eat itself.
Again. mirror universe.
Okay. Joey's back
so let the good times walk.
Wait. so I'm stuck
in here now?
Might as well see
what all the fuss is about.
He gets Bonnie.
and I get a crappy mirror sandwich?
I don't know where you get the energy
after a night like that.
Just get over here. babe.
I'm gonna do you
right on the counter
where I prepped
the raw chicken.
Your boobs are so wet.
You're still holding
the chicken breast.
Oh. Well. in my defense.
I am asleep.
Good God! He hit it so far.
they added a yellow tail
so the viewers at home can enjoy it.
Alright. fellas. let's go.
Good thing we don't need
that golf cart anymore.
We get to walk all 18 holes.
Sheesh. I don't even walk
the mini golf course.
Hey. slowpokes.
what do you want to drink?
-  Beer!
- Pedialyte.
We don't have Pedialyte.
Don't worry. Cleveland.
Joey's got ya.
Ava. give me a warm ginger ale
and a flat Sprite.
Little trick
I learned from nausea TikTok.
My Apple Pay's on.
you can just swipe
my pocket. hun.
Mmm... I can feel it coating
my troubled innards.
You know what?
Gimme one of them
clam chowders
and a Baby Ruth.
Okay. that's 17. but let's just call it 18
for legal reasons.
And that's another 20 for me.
I think it's the Asian half
that makes Tiger Woods talented.
Boy. I hope no ground hogs pop up
and drag my ball into the hole.
Because
that would be terrible.
Sounds like fun up there.
Should we go?
Honey? We can't.
It's not February second.
Uch! One day.
Black people get a whole month.
Gerald. Don't.
What? Breast cancer
gets a month.
Mustaches get a month.
Not masturbating gets a month!
Save it
for your podcast. honey.
I can't believe Joey stayed
to play another round.
Yeah. he said
he wanted to get in 54.
I can't even do that math.
Not even I can get
in that many holes. tired giggity.
It's like he ditched us.
Probably because
you don't like to shower after a round.
Yeah. I-- I can smell you
from here.
I forgot my jelly shoes.
It's important to wear them
in the clubhouse
because drainage
in a public locker room--
Alright.
I'm starting the clock.
Did you just "Joe" me?
If anybody should be "Joe"-ing somebody.
it should be me "Joe"-ing you.
Don't you dare "Joe" me.
you fat turd!
Wait. guys. guys.
Don't you realize what's happening?
Every friend group
needs to have a bottom friend.
A guy who's doing way worse
than all the rest of us.
And we lost our bottom friend!
Three Shirley Temples
for that booth over there.
You're right.
Ever since Joe became awesome.
the rest of us are just scrambling
to stay off the bottom.
Without Joe. we're like Oates.
Messina and Garfunkel.
Well. that's a funny cutaway
we don't have time for.
But we gotta get
the old Joe back!
From the gentleman at the bar.
He told me to tell you.
"Bottoms up".
Hey. Joey. how'd you shoot?
Oh. I don't keep score.
but someone else did.
Sixty-eight.
Oh cool. Here's a question.
Is Bermuda grass something
you can grow anywhere.
or is it like champagne
and it has to come from there?
Oh. that's a long.
boring story
that I have no desire to tell.
Joey. is a AAA membership
worth it?
I'll have plenty of time to tell you that
when I'm not waiting in line at the DMV.
Or getting up to 40% off tickets
to any participating AMC theater.
Hey. whatever this is.
knock it off!
Hey. Joey.
I can never remember.
what group sings this song.
♪ Life is a highway ♪
♪ I wanna ride it ♪
♪ All night long ♪
Uh. actually.
it's not a group.
it's a person. Tom Cochrane.
A Canuck. no less--
I know what you
guys are doing!
You're trying to get
rid of Joey Goodtimes!
Wheel to the light. Joe!
We need you back.
No! But I'm cool now!
The old Joe
was just a crippled punching bag!
That's right.
And he was our crippled
punching bag and we miss him.
Yeah. we thought we liked
this Joe better. but we don't.
That's right.
The old Joe is the best Joe.
I can't go back!
I'll never go back!
Fine. I didn't want to have
to do this. but I will.
Joe tell us why aren't there
any B batteries?
I-- I won't!
Why aren't there
any B batteries?
There are!
There are B batteries.
It's just electronics
manufacturers favored
the dimensions
of the new double and triple As.
We all know C and D
found their niche
in high drain situations.
but B slowly disappeared.
Except for European lanterns
and bike lights!
Joe. it's a miracle!
You can't walk!
And that's why Ralph Nader
deemed it.
"unsafe at any speed".
Wow. that was so long
and boring.
It's nice
to have you back. Joe.
And I enjoy having the space on the booth
seat for my pocket bric-a-brac back.
Hey. what did you end up doing
with the rest of those pills I gave you?
I dumped them in the 18th hole
in honor of Joey Goodtimes.
Oh. Gerald.
What are you doing?
Don't worry about
what I'm doing. baby.
Worry about
what I'm about to do.
I'm gonna turn Groundhog Day
into poundhog day.
Gerald.
I'm cooking an acorn.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm